yang@yang-PC:~$ sudo apt install libqt5
Display all 152 possibilities? (y or n)
libqt53danimation5                 libqt5quickparticles5-dbgsym
libqt53dcore5                      libqt5quicktemplates2-5
libqt53dextras5                    libqt5quicktemplates2-5-dbgsym
libqt53dinput5                     libqt5quicktest5
libqt53dlogic5                     libqt5quicktest5-dbgsym
libqt53dquick5                     libqt5quickwidgets5
libqt53dquickanimation5            libqt5quickwidgets5-dbgsym
libqt53dquickextras5               libqt5scintilla2-designer
libqt53dquickinput5                libqt5script5
libqt53dquickrender5               libqt5script5-dbgsym
libqt53dquickscene2d5              libqt5scripttools5
libqt53drender5                    libqt5scripttools5-dbgsym
libqt5bluetooth5                   libqt5sensors5
libqt5bluetooth5-bin               libqt5sensors5-dbgsym
libqt5charts5                      libqt5sensors5-dev
libqt5charts5-dev                  libqt5serialbus5
libqt5concurrent5                  libqt5serialbus5-bin
libqt5concurrent5-dbgsym           libqt5serialbus5-dev
libqt5core5a                       libqt5serialbus5-plugins
libqt5core5a-dbgsym                libqt5serialport5
libqt5datavisualization5           libqt5serialport5-dev
libqt5datavisualization5-dev       libqt5sql5
libqt5dbus5                        libqt5sql5-dbgsym
libqt5dbus5-dbgsym                 libqt5sql5-ibase
libqt5designer5                    libqt5sql5-ibase-dbgsym
libqt5designer5-dbgsym             libqt5sql5-mysql
libqt5designercomponents5          libqt5sql5-mysql-dbgsym
libqt5designercomponents5-dbgsym   libqt5sql5-odbc
libqt5gamepad5                     libqt5sql5-odbc-dbgsym
libqt5gamepad5-dev                 libqt5sql5-psql
libqt5glib-2.0-0                   libqt5sql5-psql-dbgsym
libqt5gstreamer-1.0-0              libqt5sql5-sqlite
libqt5gstreamer-dev                libqt5sql5-sqlite-dbgsym
libqt5gstreamerquick-1.0-0         libqt5sql5-tds
libqt5gstreamerui-1.0-0            libqt5sql5-tds-dbgsym
libqt5gstreamerutils-1.0-0         libqt5svg5
libqt5gui5                         libqt5svg5-dbgsym
libqt5gui5-dbgsym                  libqt5svg5-dev
libqt5help5                        libqt5test5
libqt5help5-dbgsym                 libqt5test5-dbgsym
libqt5keychain1                    libqt5texttospeech5
libqt5location5                    libqt5texttospeech5-dbgsym
libqt5location5-dbgsym             libqt5texttospeech5-dev
libqt5location5-plugins            libqt5waylandclient5
libqt5location5-plugins-dbgsym     libqt5waylandclient5-dev
libqt5multimedia5                  libqt5waylandcompositor5
libqt5multimedia5-plugins          libqt5waylandcompositor5-dev
libqt5multimediagsttools5          libqt5webchannel5
libqt5multimediaquick5             libqt5webchannel5-dbgsym
libqt5multimediawidgets5           libqt5webchannel5-dev
libqt5network5                     libqt5webengine5
libqt5network5-dbgsym              libqt5webenginecore5
libqt5networkauth5                 libqt5webengine-data
libqt5networkauth5-dev             libqt5webenginewidgets5
libqt5nfc5                         libqt5webkit5
libqt5opengl5                      libqt5webkit5-dbgsym
libqt5opengl5-dbgsym               libqt5webkit5-dev
libqt5opengl5-dev                  libqt5websockets5
libqt5pas1                         libqt5websockets5-dev
libqt5pas-dev                      libqt5webview5
libqt5positioning5                 libqt5webview5-dev
libqt5positioning5-dbgsym          libqt5widgets5
libqt5positioning5-plugins         libqt5widgets5-dbgsym
libqt5positioning5-plugins-dbgsym  libqt5x11extras5
libqt5positioningquick5            libqt5x11extras5-dev
libqt5positioningquick5-dbgsym     libqt5xdg3
libqt5printsupport5                libqt5xdg3-dbgsym
libqt5printsupport5-dbgsym         libqt5xdg-dev
libqt5qevercloud3                  libqt5xdgiconloader3
libqt5qml5                         libqt5xdgiconloader3-dbgsym
libqt5qml5-dbgsym                  libqt5xdgiconloader-dev
libqt5quick5                       libqt5xdgiconloader-dev-dbgsym
libqt5quick5-dbgsym                libqt5xml5
libqt5quickcontrols2-5             libqt5xml5-dbgsym
libqt5quickcontrols2-5-dbgsym      libqt5xmlpatterns5
libqt5quickparticles5              libqt5xmlpatterns5-dev